ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/BaseEntity.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.BaseEntity
ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/validators/PetValidator.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.validators.PetValidator
ro/ubb/lab11/core/exceptions/ValidatorException.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.exceptions.ValidatorException
ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/validators/WizardValidator.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.validators.WizardValidator
ro/ubb/lab11/core/repository/IWizardRepository.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.repository.IWizardRepository
ro/ubb/lab11/core/repository/ISpellRepository.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.repository.ISpellRepository
ro/ubb/lab11/core/service/CastedSpellServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.service.CastedSpellServiceImpl
ro/ubb/lab11/core/service/SpellServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.service.SpellServiceImpl
ro/ubb/lab11/core/config/JPAConfig.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.config.JPAConfig
ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/Wizard.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.Wizard
ro/ubb/lab11/core/config/CacheConfig.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.config.CacheConfig
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.config.CacheConfig$CustomRemovalListener
ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/CastedSpell.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.CastedSpell
ro/ubb/lab11/core/service/ICastedSpellService.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.service.ICastedSpellService
ro/ubb/lab11/core/service/ISpellService.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.service.ISpellService
ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/validators/SpellValidator.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.validators.SpellValidator
ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/Pair.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.Pair
ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/Spell.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.Spell
ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/validators/CastedSpellValidator.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.validators.CastedSpellValidator
ro/ubb/lab11/core/repository/IRepository.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.repository.IRepository
ro/ubb/lab11/core/repository/ICastedSpellRepository.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.repository.ICastedSpellRepository
ro/ubb/lab11/core/exceptions/MagicException.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.exceptions.MagicException
ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/Pet.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.Pet
ro/ubb/lab11/core/model/validators/Validator.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.model.validators.Validator
ro/ubb/lab11/core/service/IWizardService.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.service.IWizardService
ro/ubb/lab11/core/service/IPetService.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.service.IPetService
ro/ubb/lab11/core/service/PetServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.service.PetServiceImpl
ro/ubb/lab11/core/service/WizardServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.service.WizardServiceImpl
ro/ubb/lab11/core/repository/IPetRepository.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.core.repository.IPetRepository
