ro/ubb/lab11/web/dto/CastedSpellsDTO.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.dto.CastedSpellsDTO
ro/ubb/lab11/web/converter/Converter.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.converter.Converter
ro/ubb/lab11/web/dto/PetDTO.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.dto.PetDTO
ro/ubb/lab11/web/controller/PetController.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.controller.PetController
ro/ubb/lab11/web/converter/WizardConverter.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.converter.WizardConverter
ro/ubb/lab11/web/dto/WizardDTO.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.dto.WizardDTO
ro/ubb/lab11/web/converter/SpellConverter.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.converter.SpellConverter
ro/ubb/lab11/web/dto/BaseDTO.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.dto.BaseDTO
ro/ubb/lab11/web/controller/SpellController.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.controller.SpellController
ro/ubb/lab11/web/dto/WizardsDTO.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.dto.WizardsDTO
ro/ubb/lab11/web/config/AppLocalConfig.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.config.AppLocalConfig
ro/ubb/lab11/web/converter/CastedSpellConverter.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.converter.CastedSpellConverter
ro/ubb/lab11/web/dto/SpellsDTO.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.dto.SpellsDTO
ro/ubb/lab11/web/config/WebConfig.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.config.WebConfig
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.config.WebConfig$1
ro/ubb/lab11/web/converter/PetConverter.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.converter.PetConverter
ro/ubb/lab11/web/dto/SpellDTO.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.dto.SpellDTO
ro/ubb/lab11/web/converter/BaseConverter.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.converter.BaseConverter
ro/ubb/lab11/web/config/Initializer.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.config.Initializer
ro/ubb/lab11/web/controller/WizardController.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.controller.WizardController
ro/ubb/lab11/web/dto/CastedSpellDTO.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.dto.CastedSpellDTO
ro/ubb/lab11/web/dto/PetsDTO.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.dto.PetsDTO
ro/ubb/lab11/web/dto/WizardsPetsDTO.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.dto.WizardsPetsDTO
ro/ubb/lab11/web/controller/CastedSpellController.java
 ro.ubb.lab11.web.controller.CastedSpellController
